Create devmeeting2024.md (#126)
OpenMS/OpenMS-website: content/en/news/devmeeting2024.md

---
title: OpenMS developers conference 10-16 March 2024, near Malaga, Spain
authors: ["Tjeerd Dijkstra, Timo Sachsenberg"]
date: 2024-01-19
summary: We are hosting a developers conference near Malaga, Spain! Click the header above for more information.
---

> The OpenMS developers conference brings together people working in computational mass spectrometry to shape the future development of OpenMS. It is targeted to core developers, new developers, and potential future contributors. Short talks, developer tutorials, and code sprints will be intertwined. Participants will have the opportunity to design custom tools and workflows together with instructors. New developers will receive help getting started in OpenMS development. Progress will be tracked on our GitHub page with a resume of each day. For more details ping Tjeerd Dijkstra or Timo Sachsenberg on Gitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenMS developers conference brings together people working in computational mass spectrometry to shape the future development of OpenMS. It is targeted to core developers, new developers, and potential future contributors. Short talks, developer tutorials, and code sprints will be intertwined. Participants will have the opportunity to design custom tools and workflows together with instructors. New developers will receive help getting started in OpenMS development. Progress will be tracked on our GitHub page with a resume of each day. For more details ping Tjeerd Dijkstra or Timo Sachsenberg on discord or email.
```
